- [Narrator] So it's time to start our code journey
with Lambda.
And we're going to do that by using the Python language.
What I'd like you to do is to log into
your AWS Management Console
and let's go to Lambda.
once Lambda loads you'll be presented
with one of the dashboards
either the raw functions or the dashboard itself.
Let's take a look real quickly at the dashboard itself.
You'll see that it gives us the listing
of the number of Lambda functions that we're running.
How much concurrency do we have, how much is unreserved.
And you'll see all of our metrics
about our functions themselves.
So let's jump in and we're going to create a new function.
Now we're going to do this from scratch
and we will call this LinkedIn_learning_demo
and we will select Python3.8 as the interpreter.
And for the purposes of this demo
we don't need to worry about any of the permission changes
or any of the advanced settings.
We'll allow it to create default.
So go ahead and click create function.
This may take a little bit of time
but what you're seeing is we're brought into the dashboard
of our existing function that we just created.
Now with the Python language,
you're going to get a code editor in line
with the function itself.
So let's go ahead and jump into the code editor
that is presented as part of the AWS Console.
And we're going to click on our Lambda function.
Now you'll see here
that they've given us the basic skeleton,
all Python Lambda functions
should follow a skeleton similar
to this.
Where we declared our function name, we accepted event,
in any context, we didn't have a to do section
and ultimately we'll return a 200
if everything is successful
and it's not an appropriate status code.
So for this example, let's remove the to do
and we're going to put in some very very simple functions here.
So we're going to do a print
and we're going to print our requests
using Jason.dumps
and the event itself.
Now, what this will do is this will take our request
and actually dump it to the screen.
So let's go ahead and run just a little bit of code here.
So we're going to do, I=zero.
We'll do a while loop.
Where I is less than event and we're going to pull
from that body account.
And once we are in there,
we will simply print the event message.
And then of course, we're going to increment I,
so we'll do I+= one
and we'll give it a carriage return.
And that's all we actually need to do to implement a Lambda.
Now, obviously this is a very, very simplistic example
and that's fine for the purposes of this course,
because what's important here is you've created a Lambda.
We can test this and we're going to do that
in the next video.
We can execute against it.
We can tie a trigger to some other event
in AWS that would allow this Lambda to be executed.
All of the logic is really depending on your business cases
this is all you need to do
outside of implementing your core logic
to get Lambda running using the Python language.
It really is that that's simple.
So stay tuned next one I'll show you how to test this.